Add repo onboarding instructions (#6096)
dotnet/dotnet-docker: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/releases/new-image-release.md

---
name: "Add new image"
about: "Checklist for adding a new image to this repo"
title: "Add image for ___"
---

## Nightly Branch Tasks

1. - [ ] Create Dockerfiles under
     `/src/$product/$major-minor-version/$os/$arch/`. These Dockerfiles can contain placeholder

>      content, as they will re-generated by templates later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     content, as they will be re-generated by templates later.
```

1. - [ ] Update [manifest.json](https://github.com/dotnet/dotnet-docker/blob/nightly/manifest.json)
     to reference the new set of Dockerfiles with the appropriate tags.
        - See the [supported tags policy](https://github.com/dotnet/dotnet-docker/blob/nightly/documentation/supported-tags.md)
          to see which tagging patterns to follow.
        - See [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/dotnet/dotnet-docker/tree/nightly/CONTRIBUTING.md#editing-dockerfiles)

>           for information about editing templates.

Reviewer: Is this relevant here? We're not updating templates in this step.

1. - [ ] Update the [MAR tags metadata templates](https://github.com/dotnet/dotnet-docker/tree/nightly/eng/mcr-tags-metadata-templates)
     to include the new images

> 1. - [ ] Create templates for [Dockerfiles](https://github.com/dotnet/dotnet-docker/tree/nightly/eng/dockerfile-templates)
>      and [Readmes](https://github.com/dotnet/dotnet-docker/tree/nightly/eng/readme-templates)
>      to include the new distro version

Reviewer: This step should also be moved to be listed before the step to update the manifest since the manifest needs to reference these files.

```suggestion
1. - [ ] Ensure templates exists for [Dockerfiles](https://github.com/dotnet/dotnet-docker/tree/nightly/eng/dockerfile-templates)
     and [Readmes](https://github.com/dotnet/dotnet-docker/tree/nightly/eng/readme-templates)
     that support the new set of Dockerfiles.
```
